Move to use alevin-fry for SCXA droplet pipeline (#17)
ebi-gene-expression-group/scxa-droplet-quantification-workflow: README.md

The workflow does the following:

 - Downloads fastq files from specified URIs using our [FASTQ provider](https://github.com/ebi-gene-expression-group/atlas-fastq-provider). The FASTQ provider does some special things for EBI users, but will just wget specified files by default.
 - Interprets provided sample and configurations to determine the correct arguments for Alevin-fry, combining technical replicate groups where appropriate for analysis.
 - Runs [Alevin-fry](https://alevin-fry.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
 - Makes a droplet barcode plot for each library
 - Runs [emptyDrops](https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1662-y) to remove remove droplets clearly without cells. 

## Inputs

The workflow requires as input:

>  - A pre-prepared [Salmon splici-index](https://combine-lab.github.io/alevin-fry-tutorials/2021/improving-txome-specificity/), that is build from a transcript containing spliced transcripts and introns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A pre-prepared [Salmon splici-index](https://combine-lab.github.io/alevin-fry-tutorials/2021/improving-txome-specificity/), that is built from a reference containing spliced transcripts and introns
```

>  - A three-collumn transcript-to-gene mapping file used by Alevin-fry to summarise quantifications to the gene level, is produced when building the splici transcriptome 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A three-column transcript-to-gene mapping file used by Alevin-fry to summarise quantifications to the gene level, that is produced when building the splici transcriptome 
```
